# Ask-to-Gemini-Pro Chatbot

Ask-to-Gemini-Pro is an intelligent chatbot powered by Google's Gemini Pro AI model, developed using Google AI Studio. This Streamlit-powered chatbot allows users to interact seamlessly and receive informative responses generated by Gemini Pro. By leveraging the capabilities of Google's AI technology, we've created a chatbot experience that offers intelligent assistance for various queries. To access Gemini Pro, we obtained an API key from Google and integrated it into our chatbot application.

## Features

- **Interactive Interface**: The chatbot provides a user-friendly interface powered by Streamlit, allowing users to interact seamlessly.
- **Google's Gemini Pro AI Model**: The chatbot utilizes Google's Gemini Pro AI model to generate responses to user queries.
- **Persistent Chat History**: The chatbot retains a history of conversations, allowing users to review previous interactions and responses.

## Prerequisites

Before running the chatbot, ensure you have the following:

- Python 3.6 or higher installed on your system.
- Google API Key: You'll need to obtain a Google API key and set it as an environment variable named `GOOGLE_API_KEY`.
- Install the `python-dotenv's version 1.0.1` to run virtual environment on Python.
- Install `google-generativeai's 0.3.2 version` for the model reference.
- And `Streamlit` for Quick UI setup.

## Setup

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
```
2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd Ask-GeminiPro_Chatbot
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


4. Set up environment variables:
- Create a .env file in the root directory of the project.
- Add your Google API key to the .env file:
```bash
- GOOGLE_API_KEY=<your-api-key-here>
```

5. To run the chatbot, execute the following command in your terminal:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```